Add tryConvert method, generate doc comments for public method (#34)
netglade/auto_mappr: packages/auto_mappr/README.md

    strict-raw-types: true
```

#### `convert` vs `tryConvert`

> Normally, if passed object into `convert` method is null and mapping does not have defined `whenSourceIsNull`, method will throw `Exception`. If you want return `null` instead, use `tryConvert` method. This method will return value from `whenSourceIsNull` (if defined) or `null` instead of throwing an exception. It is same analogy with `parse` and `tryParse` methods on `int`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The `convert` and `tryConvert` works the same. The only difference is that if a `null` value is passed inside as the argument, and `whenSourceIsNull` is not set for the mapping, `convert` will throw an exception while `tryConvert` will return `null`. Therefore, `convert` has a return type `TARGET` and `tryConvert` has a return type `TARGET?`. It is an analogy with `parse` and `tryParse` methods on `int`.
```
